fastest all day and now a battling for
the a division grand final trophy very
good start by Leigh number one pump in
lane three the Windy City dragons Tampa
Bay runners bread are in lane 40
cogenitor black is in five hit land
upper for the Tampa blade runner's read
very good face good face to bike pump in
lane one on the outside lane five to ten
anew lane number three he's got the
winking City dragons TBC fire breathers
are in lane number two whatever it still
by polyethylenes one starting to pick up
a base on the outside key cotonou black
and lane number five still five boats
strong number to bring out the face he
was in fire breathers these dragons in
three Ruben 84 template blade runner's
bread
coming down the final 50 meters medical
to house of blues there we go lot of 50
meters lame every three Windy City
dragons here comes the flood outside in
a fight ego 1003 only one it is laid up
my training with these setting Reagan's
my head open buff eco 1002 Tampa Bay
runners and the dvc fire breathers wanna
finish to the mix a division grand final
you